---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/journal-notes/moss-journal/the-voidbound-isle-053125-2/","created":"2025-05-31T21:46:25.000-05:00"}
---

Previous note: [[Journal Notes/Moss' Journal/Moss de Merchant - A memoir\|Moss de Merchant - A memoir]]

	Having never been tested in combat before, I failed previously with keeping up the journal notes for our adventure. I will recap briefly we were in the large tree palace and I had just come across a large grouping of weird elemental beings that we had to kill again and again and again, Lyam the Wolfman, Keranos the Magic Minotaur and myself started the scuffle. The others were busy with a stranger I can only assume that was also causing pillars of smoke, we secured victory of the odd elemental beasts and they left behind a shard of elemental essence, that looks precisely like rock candy. Perhaps if I can convince the others to taste it I can see if they will turn into weird elemental half beings like the other things were. This is only a working theory but maybe I could reverse engineer once I’ve seen it and find a way to cure, postpone, prevent or profit off it but alas, no one took the bait, Kuro! I wo-I mean can’t eat it either though, my mouth is too small and my teeth too rounded, I’d never make it through the thing without becoming a toothless walnut and that does not sound appealing unless I need to enter a beggar phase, but I imagine a disguise would do over self mutilation. 
	 Our scuffle complete, we gathered together and met the newly enigmatic En Flambé. Which is a beautiful array of colors, the exact ones I can’t recall as they showed me up, fuzzy white and small is not enough. I will figure out a new tactic. 
	 We begin to work our way to the south and somehow get separate from Kirito, and smoog which was terrifying I was trying to make sure he was safe. I need my little puff. We manage to find a Leshy village from a free roam spirit moving around that looked like a good. We wet the Village leader a sunflower lesehy named Fjederes I will call them Fido and Daft Pumpkin the gourd guard leshy. I just thought of a funny joke, what do you call an ailing Anglo Saxon with a rotting ear? A deaf leper hahahahaha. Okay enough of that, I got to be back to the present.
		 The leshy have told us that a thunder god knocked the tree down, and something, a glowing green rock is held to Fjederes, Fiora the bleeding god, they say she was their friend and is missing. They don’t know where she has gone. Fijaderas let us rest here luckily it has been a long day. There is a cute chubby pumpkin that is carving a map for them. The Bleeding and Thunder God. 
		 I traded the leshy merchant Britnee some quick release grolna and Bungeen for graveroot a powerful poison that I can’t craft yet. We found a bunch of saplings and mushrooms, and we returned them and found a few items. The Thunder God knocked over this large tree, the magic of the tree slowly dying has helped the Leshy population flourish, also I got some good recipes that I am too feebly minded to break apart just yet.  Fiora the bleeding god is known by the leshy to be warm, inviting and loving and the story goes that her blood fed all these trees and her tears are what gave birth to Leshykind.
			 The Thunder God in contrast is apparently simple, brutish, earnest and boisterous. What a GigawattChad. Fejederus ust gave En Flambé the Green dreaming stone, they think Fiora would like you, because you are a Druid. So they got the greenstone that I was wanting just for their job habits. Oh well! Fejederus approaches us about a quest they want us to embark upon, but later not at this time. So we decide to head out of the tree tower and figure out where else to go; on-word and upward Kuro!!
	